README.md, before:

# CS190.1x Scalable Machine Learning
Source code and notes about the CS190.1x "Scalable Machine Learning" course from Berkeley through the edX platform.

More info about the course:
https://www.edx.org/course/scalable-machine-learning-uc-berkeleyx-cs190-1x

Self-assessment document: http://www.cs.ucla.edu//~ameet/self_assessment.pdf


## Python tutorial
See [this Python tutorial](python-tutorial.md)


## Basics
https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Algorithms

Python
http://www.mypythonquiz.com/
http://ai.berkeley.edu/tutorial.html#PythonBasics

Syllabus
https://courses.edx.org/courses/BerkeleyX/CS190.1x/1T2015/fbe63aa3c95948e3912fa128aedec27d/

Forum (Piazza)
https://piazza.com/edx_berkeley/summer2015/cs1901x
https://piazza.com/class/i9esya71ruj74j
Join the Piazza group (access code: cs1901x).

MOOC setup
https://github.com/spark-mooc/mooc-setup

Setup
Download https://github.com/spark-mooc/mooc-setup/archive/master.zip

FAQ
https://courses.edx.org/courses/BerkeleyX/CS190.1x/1T2015/wiki/BerkeleyX.CS190.1x.1T2015/

Autograder FAQ
https://courses.edx.org/courses/BerkeleyX/CS190.1x/1T2015/wiki/BerkeleyX.CS190.1x.1T2015/autograder-faq/


Check status of the submission
http://52.27.38.42/

Notebook
http://localhost:8001/


Your submission token ID is 1371738-d0344b420b6f6f5077f586bf60d9f6fc:ip-172-31-26-111
Please include this submission token ID when you need support for your code submission.
Your anonymous student ID is 1c616bd6f939d5ea01250f7941e90167. Do not post this ID on Piazza.

xxx



## Week 1: course overview and Machine Learning basics

See [the notes for Week 1](week-1.md).

Commit message:

Update README.md with week-2.md

README.md, after:

# CS190.1x Scalable Machine Learning
Source code and notes about the CS190.1x "Scalable Machine Learning" course from Berkeley through the edX platform.

More info about the course:
https://www.edx.org/course/scalable-machine-learning-uc-berkeleyx-cs190-1x

Self-assessment document: http://www.cs.ucla.edu//~ameet/self_assessment.pdf


## Python tutorial
See [this Python tutorial](python-tutorial.md)


## Basics
https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Algorithms

Python
http://www.mypythonquiz.com/
http://ai.berkeley.edu/tutorial.html#PythonBasics

Syllabus
https://courses.edx.org/courses/BerkeleyX/CS190.1x/1T2015/fbe63aa3c95948e3912fa128aedec27d/

Forum (Piazza)
https://piazza.com/edx_berkeley/summer2015/cs1901x
https://piazza.com/class/i9esya71ruj74j
Join the Piazza group (access code: cs1901x).

MOOC setup
https://github.com/spark-mooc/mooc-setup

Setup
Download https://github.com/spark-mooc/mooc-setup/archive/master.zip

FAQ
https://courses.edx.org/courses/BerkeleyX/CS190.1x/1T2015/wiki/BerkeleyX.CS190.1x.1T2015/

Autograder FAQ
https://courses.edx.org/courses/BerkeleyX/CS190.1x/1T2015/wiki/BerkeleyX.CS190.1x.1T2015/autograder-faq/


Check status of the submission
http://52.27.38.42/

Notebook
http://localhost:8001/


Your submission token ID is 1371738-d0344b420b6f6f5077f586bf60d9f6fc:ip-172-31-26-111
Please include this submission token ID when you need support for your code submission.
Your anonymous student ID is 1c616bd6f939d5ea01250f7941e90167. Do not post this ID on Piazza.



## Week 1: course overview and Machine Learning basics

See [the notes for Week 1](week-1.md).


## Week 2: introduction to Apache Spark

See [the notes for Week 2](week-2.md).
